---
layout: meeting-minutes.hbs
date: 18.09.2017
time: 08:00 - 10:00
minute-taker: rzimmerm
---

## Attendees

* Fabian Hauser, fhauser
* Raphael Zimmermann, rzimmerm

## Agenda

1. Project Kickoff
2. Infrastructure improvements
3. Discuss Agenda MeF
    - "Finalization of Task description": The Task description is complete from our point of view.
    - "Questions regarding role MeF and project information page https://wiki.hsr.ch/FarhadMehta/wiki.cgi?ProjectInformation": Our project website at https://www.redbackup.org contains all required point.
        - No Passwords are required due to public read-only access to the Issue Tracker / CI / Source Repository.
    - "Demonstration of Project infrastructure (Redmine, Git, CI).": Our Infrastructure is ready. We will demo it using the overview page of our website.
    - "Rough project plan with Milestones": Is part of the first sprint (See [Sprint Planning Sprint 1](/.2017-09-18-sprint-1.md))
    - "Date and time for next meeting": We suggest to meet every Friday at 15:15.
4. Preparation Meeting 22.9.17. In addition to the Agenda provided by MeF, we want to discuss the following Topics 
    - Language evaluation: We did not have the time to learn Rust and Erlang during the summer. To create a prototype in both languages will be too much work from our point of view. We must also discuss the (missing) tooling in both ecosystem (Code Coverage, Metrics etc.)
    - If desired by MeF, we can grant access to our project calendar
    - How should we log time for Infrastructure setup since it is not exclusively for the SA (BA as well)?
    - Set a fixed weekly a timeslot for our meetings
    - Documentation: Are there any requirements for the document layout (HSR CI). We are also not sure what the following paragraph from the [Project Information Page](https://wiki.hsr.ch/FarhadMehta/wiki.cgi?ProjectInformation) implies: "All submissions must conform to the relevant regulations of the Computer Science Department at HSR."

## Decisions

### 1. Project Kickoff
- We will use [Git Flow](https://datasift.github.io/gitflow/IntroducingGitFlow.html) in the future but for now, [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) is enough
- We created a new calendar on the HSR Exchange server for all events related to the project.
- All Tasks (including project management, administration and documentation) must be created in the Redbackup Prototype Jira Project.
- All Sprints end on Tuesday 10:00 am. The sprint planning for the next iteration starts at the same time.
- We estimate and log work rounded to the next 15 minutes.

### 2. Infrastructure improvements
- The new bamboo agent must create working builds.

## Open issues

_open issues must be completed before the next meeting_

- schedule all open issues for the next sprint
-  Setup [latexdiff](https://de.sharelatex.com/blog/2013/02/16/using-latexdiff-for-marking-changes-to-tex-documents.html) in CI to be able to create diff-pdf for easier reviews.
- Setup latex template for the project plan and the final submission document
- Setup proper backup solution
    - Use borg to transfer binary diff
    - Dump the Postgres databases
    - Store the backups on the workstation at HSR
- Add license notice to the website.
- Set JIRA Project to public readable

## Upcoming absences
_no upcoming absences_

## Next Meeting
- Kickoff Meeting with MeF, 22.09.2017 15:15

