---
layout: meeting-minutes.hbs
date: 20.10.2017
time: 16:00 - 17:30
minute-taker: rzimmerm
---

## Attendees

- Fabian Hauser, fhauser
- Raphael Zimmermann, rzimmerm
- Prof. Dr. Farhad Mehta, MeF

## Agenda


1. Review: First impression of Rust
2. Discuss the result of our morphological box
3. Discuss revised concept and requirements
  - Do the newly added diagramms help?
  - Are the scenarios coherent?
4. Date and time for next meeting


## Discussion / Decisions

1. Rust is fixed as the programming language for the study project.
2. MeF agrees with the chosen criteria and will review it when we send him the revised documents.
3. MeF had not had the time yet to review it but will do it when the message section is finalised as well.
  - The general impression of MeF is good.
  - MeF brought up some minor issues in the diagrams:
    - Overview Figure: Draw multiple boxes for the nodes and set the arrow to the other nodes.
    - Domain Models: Remove `+` signs and "diamonds"
  - We are now done with the elaboration and can start in the next sprints with the actual implementation.
3. The next meeting takes place on 19.11.2017 at 08:15 at MeFs office.
  - The date might change depending on MeFs schedule.
  - MeF will notify us if the date changes.


## Open Issues

_open issues must be completed before the next meeting_

- Develop a minimal prototype (MVP) for the next meeting ([REDPRO-82](https://project.redbackup.org/browse/REDPRO-82))
- Send MeF the revised document when they are stable ([REDPRO-83](https://project.redbackup.org/browse/REDPRO-83))
- Improve diagrams in the specification ([REDPRO-84](https://project.redbackup.org/browse/REDPRO-84))

## Upcoming Absences

- Raphael Zimmermann: 27.10.2017 (Friday)
- Fabian Hauser: 27.10.2017 (Friday)
- Fabian Hauser: 30.10.2017 (Monday)

## Next Meeting

- [The next Meeting takes place on 09.11.2017 at 08:15 at MeFs office.](../2017-11-09-weekly-meeting/)

